Python is a widely used high-level programming language for general-purpose programming, created by Guido van Rossum and first 
released in 1991. An interpreted language, Python has a design philosophy that emphasizes code readability (notably using
whitespace indentation to delimit code blocks rather than curly brackets or keywords), and a syntax that allows programmers to 
express concepts in fewer lines of code than might be used in languages such as C++ or Java. It provides constructs that enable
clear programming on both small and large scales

Python features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management. It supports multiple programming paradigms, including object
-oriented, imperative, functional and procedural, and has a large and comprehensive standard library.

Python interpreters are available for many operating systems. CPython, the reference implementation of Python, is open source
software and has a community-based development model, as do nearly all of its variant implementations. CPython is managed by the
non-profit Python Software Foundation.

  Python was conceived in the late 1980, and its implementation began in December 1989 by Guido van Rossum at Centrum
  Wiskunde & Informatica (CWI) in the Netherlands as a successor to the ABC language (itself inspired by SETL)capable of
  exception handling and interfacing with the Amoeba operating system. Van Rossum remains Python's principal author. His 
  continuing central role in Python's development is reflected in the title given to him by the Python community: Benevolent 
  Dictator For Life (BDFL).
  The language's core philosophy is summarized in the document The Zen of Python (PEP 20), which includes aphorisms such as:

   * Beautiful is better than ugly
   * Explicit is better than implicit
   * Simple is better than complex
   * Complex is better than complicated
   * Readability counts
  Python has been successfully embedded in many software products as a scripting language, including in finite element method 
  software such as Abaqus, 3D parametric modeler like FreeCAD, 3D animation packages such as 3ds Max, Blender, Cinema 4D, 
  Lightwave, Houdini, Maya, modo, MotionBuilder, Softimage, the visual effects compositor Nuke, 2D imaging programs like GIMP,
  Inkscape, Scribus and Paint Shop Pro,and musical notation programs like scorewriter and capella. GNU Debugger uses Python
  as a pretty printer to show complex structures such as C++ containers. Esri promotes Python as the best choice for writing 
  scripts in ArcGIS. It has also been used in several video games, and has been adopted as first of the three 
  available programming languages in Google App Engine, the other two being Java and Go. Python is also used in algorithmic 
  trading and quantitative finance. Python can also be implemented in APIs of online brokerages that run on other language
by using wrapper.
